hello modern peeps I have no idea what
I'm wearing headphones I don't need to
worry headphones but I tried the beer
anyway this is just a lot of the honda
milk and this bits and pieces only this
one yes I'm still here maybe I'll go
away in the future that's the future we
don't know what's the video ok I've
mocked it up this is it for the minute
I'm not too sure about the brass colored
brake pads but I thought it was a bit
different you know somewhat nice it
looks nice but let's see let's see how
this is gonna go let's carry on with
this you playing with fire they just
he's contemplating something you sure
you want to do this Oh slam
is that it come on guys you can do
better than that yes you I'm looking at
you know looking am I don't know mine
right swear I'll minutes till um Wow
looks good I'm after you gotta have to
honestly admit I'm stuck just bit the
suspension in the way it all works he's
confusing the hell out of me um I think
I've got it right but the screws are
turning out to be very difficult to
fasten important place it seems to work
but will surely something more to this
but I'm going to a dark wash have
somebody suggested the other day I can't
remember who it was now sorry about uh
yeah I'm gonna give the engine a wash I
thought I don't know I just some ways
not just liked um
I like the other copper-colored brake
discs just for a bit of a difference in
them we'll see move it get on with the
next week Oh
hello everybody so after the hell of a
lot of struggling or gotta be honest
putting that back end on there was am
what I call slightly irritating but I've
got it screws at all and she's beginning
to take shape beautifully and some
weathering on the engine make it look a
bit more realistic for it I'm very
pleased and very pleased so far let me
know what you think hi right so as we
know that's gone pretty well I've got a
paint sought solace this loads a little
details are gotta paint on the bodywork
and but made a mock up of mocked I'm not
the front end up not painted not fixed
so I think he gives some kind of
impression of how good it's going so
I'll pull you so far and we'll see how
it goes back on to the next week right
I'm getting a little bit annoyed with
this um it's looking good don't get me
wrong like I said that's a dry fitting
at the front but I'm trying to get this
back end to sit properly and it's not
proving very easy so we'll see how it
goes but its progress of suppose if
anything mmm i wish they'd looked at
this site first before i bought my
motorbike but nevermind maybe that's the
another one in the future
to the governor I become the charity I'm
just about to watch bag and rels video
to journalist partner Walter general
splatting but look what I got soon as
you just came back from town with this
if you don't know that this guy is gonna
just put Simon's Cat in to youtube and
you don't be the videos they're not a
lot of them but they're well worth it
every single one of them he's really one
of my favorite favorite youtubers but
anyway this is my journal I'll be fully
nothing